org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/LoginActivity.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity$3
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity$4
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.LoginActivity$5
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/Token.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.Token
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/models/ModelUser.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.models.ModelUser
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/Client.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.Client
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/BuildConfig.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.BuildConfig
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/models/ModelChat.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.models.ModelChat
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/fragment_chatslist.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_chatslist
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_chatslist$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_chatslist$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_chatslist$3
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/ShowProfile.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ShowProfile
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ShowProfile$1
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/Sender.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.Sender
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/DashboardActivity.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.DashboardActivity
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.DashboardActivity$1
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/MainActivity.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.MainActivity
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.MainActivity$1
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/ChatActivity.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$10
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$11
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$12
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$12$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$12$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$12$3
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$13
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$13$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$3
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$4
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$5
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$6
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$7
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$8
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ChatActivity$9
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/fragment_profile.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$10
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$11
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$11$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$11$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$12
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$13
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$13$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$13$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$14
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$15
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$16
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$16$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$16$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$3
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$4
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$5
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$6
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$7
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$7$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$7$1$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$7$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$8
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$9
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$9$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_profile$9$2
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/SignUpActivity.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.SignUpActivity
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.SignUpActivity$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.SignUpActivity$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.SignUpActivity$3
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.SignUpActivity$4
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/adapters/AdapterChat.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat$1$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat$1$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChat$MyHolder
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/FirebaseService.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.FirebaseService
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/APIService.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.APIService
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/FirebaseMessaging.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.FirebaseMessaging
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/Data.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.Data
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/Response.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.Response
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/models/ModelChatlist.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.models.ModelChatlist
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/adapters/AdapterUsers.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterUsers
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterUsers$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterUsers$1$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterUsers$MyHolder
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/ForgotPassword.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ForgotPassword
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ForgotPassword$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.ForgotPassword$1$1
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/notifications/OreoAndAboveNotification.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.notifications.OreoAndAboveNotification
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/adapters/AdapterChatlist.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChatlist
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChatlist$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.adapters.AdapterChatlist$MyHolder
org/connectifyhk/connectify_fyp/fragment_users.java
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_users
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_users$1
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_users$2
 org.connectifyhk.connectify_fyp.fragment_users$3
